ravioli with pumpkin and butter
sage preparation time 30 minutes
number of people 4 gather the
ingredients for pinta ravioli 200 g
more flour 30 grams to lower
dough
two coarse salt in the stuffing
250 g pumpkin meat 50 g
ricotta one egg 20 g grated Parmesan cheese
more parmesan for service a pinch
nutmeg
for the sauce 100 g butter 2 branches
salt sage pepper
let's start with the pinta ravioli
taste question nothing like the dough
fresh homemade measure 200 g of
flour
break the eggs dry and frank
on the edge of your bowl you will avoid
well the shell pieces well
unpleasant beat eggs in omelette
the easiest way to train a beautiful
homogeneous paste and work all
ingredients by hand form a well
in the flour
your ingredients will stay well
gather start with the salt pour
eggs beaten little by little for
avoid the lumps continue to turn
with your fingertips until the
paste be smooth
incorporate the flour from the work plan
if the dough is too sticky
the dough is left to rest
flour fibers relax and
interweave
pump the pumpkin into cubes likewise
size for even cooking cook to the
Steam 15 minutes grated Parmesan cheese
when the fork come off the
pumpkins are cooked
puree in a deep dish a
added ricotta
mix Parmesan and mix until
that we no longer distinguish the different
ingredients
make sure the mixture is lukewarm
before adding the ofs
without it they would not be able
play its role of binder raised with a
little room pepper and walnut
nutmeg
mix
the dough has sufficiently rested flour and
the work plan slightly for
avoid that the dough does not glue divide the
ball in two equal parts
flatten the half bull sky sticks you
fingers
sprinkle with flour again
by roller from the center to the
extremities
if you pass the roll on the whole
surface of the dough ball a bump is
will form in the middle and its thickness will be
uneven to cut circles used
in a cookie cutter if you do not have one
a glass flour and will do it
place a spoonful of stuffing in the center
of each circle
it requires listening and wearing
ravioli proceed with caution and
seemed successive you just have to
enough water and flour to seal
both layers of dough under sheets
violated with the fingertips
let dry some time
welding will be better and they will stay
closed while cooking
boil 2 liters of salt water I
Does it and ravioli a stir it up
gently to prevent them from
stick
after five minutes take them out using
a skimmer melts the walnut
butter with sage leaves one
pass and salt pepper
do not skimp on the amount the sauce
will be even more raised the butter
slightly blond or red the taste so
characteristic of sage is soothing
the ravioli a little parmesan and the
you're done